README.md, before:

# Teaching Materials for the Tamarin Prover

This repository contains teaching materials related to the [Tamarin Prover](http://tamarin-prover.github.io/).
These materials complement the official [Tamarin manual](https://tamarin-prover.github.io/manual/).

## One-day tutorial

(Originally given at EuroSnP/Eurocrypt 2017)

  * [Morning slides](Tamarin-Tutorial-morning.pdf)
    [(Libreoffice source file)](Tamarin-Tutorial-morning.odp) 

  * [Afternoon slides](Tamarin-Tutorial-afternoon.pdf)
    [(Libreoffice source file)](Tamarin-Tutorial-afternoon.odp) 
    
  * [Tamarin model files](tutorial-models)
    [(ZIP archive version)](tutorial-models/tutorial-models.zip)
  
**Authors:** David Basin, [Cas Cremers](https://cispa.saarland/group/cremers/index.html), Jannik Dreier, and Ralf Sasse.

## Toy protocol exercise 

[Tamarin toy protocol exercise](https://github.com/benjaminkiesl/tamarin_toy_protocol)

**Author:** Benjamin Kiesl

## License

All the materials in the `tamarin-prover/teaching` repository are provided under a [Creative Commons Attribution license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) (CC-BY).

[<img src="http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by.svg" alt="CC-BY" width="15%">](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

Referencing dependency graph handout in readme.

README.md, after:

# Teaching Materials for the Tamarin Prover

This repository contains teaching materials related to the [Tamarin Prover](http://tamarin-prover.github.io/).
These materials complement the official [Tamarin manual](https://tamarin-prover.github.io/manual/).

## Understanding dependency graphs (handout)

The following PDF can be used as a reference handout for understanding dependency graphs.

 * [Handout: dependency graphs](handouts/Tamarin-basics-dependency-graphs.pdf)
  
(Update coming with more explanation of specific adversary nodes)

## One-day tutorial

(Originally given at EuroSnP/Eurocrypt 2017)

  * [Morning slides](Tamarin-Tutorial-morning.pdf)
    [(Libreoffice source file)](Tamarin-Tutorial-morning.odp) 

  * [Afternoon slides](Tamarin-Tutorial-afternoon.pdf)
    [(Libreoffice source file)](Tamarin-Tutorial-afternoon.odp) 
    
  * [Tamarin model files](tutorial-models)
    [(ZIP archive version)](tutorial-models/tutorial-models.zip)
  
**Authors:** David Basin, [Cas Cremers](https://cispa.saarland/group/cremers/index.html), Jannik Dreier, and Ralf Sasse.

## Toy protocol exercise 

[Tamarin toy protocol exercise](https://github.com/benjaminkiesl/tamarin_toy_protocol)

**Author:** Benjamin Kiesl

## License

All the materials in the `tamarin-prover/teaching` repository are provided under a [Creative Commons Attribution license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) (CC-BY).

[<img src="http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by.svg" alt="CC-BY" width="15%">](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
